TestNG:
Its a unit testing framework for Java.
Its used to test the functionality of the application.
It is used in generally for unit testing framework.
TestNG cannot with the browser, Selenium is interacting the browser.

Selenium: It is a browser automation framework.

Selenium + TestNG: It is used to test the functionality of the application with the help of TestNG.

TestNG and Junit are the testing frameworks available in the market.

Junit is mainly used for unit testing.


TestNG Features:
1. It is mainly used for test cases : PreCondition and PostCondition methods we can write
2. Test Data: Data Provider
3. Test Report: Pass/Fail Report
4. Parallel Execution
5. Grouping
6. Annotations --> @Before, @After, @Test, @BeforeClass, @AfterClass, @BeforeMethod, @AfterMethod
7. Priority
8. Custom Reports : Extent Reports, Chain Test Reports, Extent Reports are almost deprecated in the market
9. Listeners: ITestNGListener, IExecutionListener, IReporter, Custom Report, Logs etc
10. TestNG XML: Test Suite, Test Case, Test Group, Test Parallel Execution
11. Dependency: Test Case Dependency, Test Suite Dependency, Other Options

Install:
1. Add the testNg dependency in the pom.xml file : Import class/interface, use methods
2. Run as TestNg: TestNG Plugin --> In intellij its already installed

TDD Approach: Test Driven Development Approach
This approach is used to write the test cases first and then write the code to pass the test cases.
Think --> Test --> Code --> Refactor
First Time, Test will fail, then write the code to pass the test case, then refactor the code.
Here, My Target is test should be pass based on the Requirement.
Here, I am driving the development of the code based on the test cases.

Sequence of Execution:
Add a Test --> Run the Test --> Test will Fail --> Make the change in the code --> Run the Test --> Test will Pass --> Refactor the code
This flow will be repeated until all the test cases are passed.
Same thing we will use in the Selenium with TestNG in Page Object Model (POM) Design Pattern.


Threads Concept:
Threads are used to run multiple tasks simultaneously.
Threads are always independent of each other.
They are used to run multiple test cases in parallel.
thread-count is used to specify the number of threads to be used for parallel execution.
Test Name should be unique in the testng.xml file.

